# micro-ROS FreeRTOS Apps

This repository contains micro-ROS demos and support code for platforms based on FreeRTOS.

## Supported platforms

Supported hardware platforms are:

* Olimex STM32-E407 development board
* Crazyflie 2.1 drone
* ST Nucleo F446ZE (community supported)
* ST Nucleo F746ZG (community supported)
* ST Nucleo F767ZI (community supported)
* ESP32

## Usage

These applications are integrated within the [micro-ROS build system](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_setup).
Please refer to this repository's documentation for further information about how to configure, build and flash them.

## Purpose of the Project

This software is not ready for production use. It has neither been developed nor
tested for a specific use case. However, the license conditions of the
applicable Open Source licenses allow you to adapt the software to your needs.
Before using it in a safety relevant setting, make sure that the software
fulfills your requirements and adjust it according to any applicable safety
standards, e.g., ISO 26262.

## License

freertos_apps is open-sourced under the Apache-2.0 license. See the [LICENSE](license) file for details. Amongst others, it includes the following third-party software components:

* Lab Project FreeRTOS POSIX, which is licensed under the MIT license.
* The folders `microros_nucleo_f446ze_extensions` and `microros_olimex_e407_extensions` contain code generated by the STM32CubeMX software tool of STMicroelectronics. The generated code is licensed by ST under the Ultimate Liberty license SLA0044. **Note that this code "must be used and execute solely and exclusively on or in combination with a microcontroller or microprocessor device manufactured by or for STMicroelectronics".**

For details on all included open source components, see the file [3rd-party-licenses.txt](3rd-party-licenses.txt).

## Known Issues/Limitations

There are no known limitations.
